hey guys so it's Amy here today I'm just
doing this video today because I'm about
to change my tongue ring for the first
time like ever like my peers have not
done it before this is the long bar as
you can see basically I've waited my 4
weeks actually I've waited over four
weeks to change it now so it should be
all good and tomorrow's my last day of
school so I'm gonna wear a fancy tongue
ring our theme is hipster like indie
hipster so I've got on my clothes like
laid out like over there it's like I'll
show you like really quickly like you
can see I've got my hipster glasses
right there and I've got loads of
bangles and all that so yep so
tomorrow's our last day for like ever
we're having a lot of fun so I just
thought I'd change it and this has indie
hipster I thought I would change it to
this piece one that you guys have all
seen before if you watched my piercing
box thing um but I don't want to like I
don't want to keep this in because I
want to change it to something else too
acrylics so I want to change it to two
different bowls it's not a set tone ring
it's a two different balls um came in a
pack that came with that metal bar and
these two balls from Claire's I never
won like now I realize people people say
like don't trust clothes jewelry I
wouldn't say like trust I just say be
careful with it because I admitted that
the threading on quite a lot of these
declares jewelry is quite crappy it
doesn't work but basically I'm changing
the top ball to like that beach ball
sort of orangey red one and the bottom
ones too like a bright red one right now
it's currently soaking a mouthwash in my
shot glass from Helsinki so right there
I don't know what you can see but it's
in there it's been in there for a while
now so I can take it out just wait here
my tongue rings have been dried my hands
have been washed so everything's ready
oh shit now okay I'm not gonna pick up
the camera because there's more bacteria
on my hands actually I'm gonna wash my
hands again after this because I'm just
being so cautious
that's my tongue whirring as you can see
but I think I end up at the bottom ball
on
I'm the top ball on first because I need
to slide it in from the top to the
bottom so
that's what I'm wearing I did I just
really like the ball look then we just
wash my hands before I deal with anyone
right okay hands are clean so I'm gonna
take the tongue shaft and a tongue ball
and just carefully thread the top one on
perfectly and that's ready it's like
first thing I would say to do is check
the threading on both your balls if
you've got some dodgy balls actually if
you even buy it from anywhere
just check the threading that it's okay
actually the starting is okay so I
should feel good so I'm gonna zoom in
for you right now okay
but I'm error is right this direction so
you guys gonna fit gonna be able to see
but I just touch my hair again Christ
okay people never mind people do this
okay I'm really nervous okay
uh-huh
okay
huh
I'm going to follow through with this
am I gonna say weird
oh my god
my god threading everyone warned me
about this big
okay
cool so now I need to tighten it so join
my hands
wait tissue paper
and we're done Wow okay well
I really like it you already see it that
much okay guys so yeah I'm excited I can
change my tongue right now just so we
can compare like I don't know I can
probably see in a million videos that is
I know I have seen a million videos you
only get one chance to make this video
I've got it feels so weird because this
ball is very small compared to this one
God knows how I'm gonna wear this one
seriously I don't know I don't know okay
so um does the Barca Pierce with and
this is like a normal bar I'm sure
you've all seen this comparison before
and I'll tell you what the extra thing
is definitely needed so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video guys and yep I'll see
you guys soon bye